"# bs" 
@@1, use index2.html as an entry point. index1.html is the old way with less btstrp. i started on index1.html but then realized this way may take forever so i switched to relying on btstrp as much as possible which is in index2.html(bsStyles.css is the file goes with it i think just in case the links got disconnected somehow i was gonna make it one file but...) i think there s nothing in test.html and button.html. 
@@2, sorry i never got to clean up my code especially the debugging codes in there. i normally clean it up and save it as another version before i publish it for speed optimizm but i never actually condence or compress the file to get ride of the empty space cuz i dont need to worry about speed at this point. 
@@3a, also this is an unfinished project. not only i did not finish it, i also did not fully complete the code i did finish. like aria codes some r missing and i did it in a hurry so i never went back to patch the holes so u ll see at one place i have aria codes but at another place that should have it as a pair but it s not there. 
@@3b, there s bugs too. i tried to fix as many fatal ones as possible but due to time reasons i ignored some bugs like some containers/cols r out of the boundary where they are supposed to be in but i thought once i removed the color code for debugging and put a background color those minor bugs ll be covered and i can even do some final css touches to hide them. 
@@3c, no SEO, especially the alt for img or even aria, i think anything that ll help the search engine or crawlers to understand the site ll be helpful for seo more or less. 
@@3d, no color added to the page. sorry i did not finish it. 
@@3e, i was gonna at least give my thoughts on one section that i did not even touch on, the mid layout section, where it just need main cols setting aside with each other and one has an img and the other one has another 2 cols stacking up on top of each other the one on the top has 2 texts which can be aligned as the demo picture under public/images/demo/(one of them is the final look of the page) the other col on the bottom has another 2 cols that can by laied out differently according to the screen size or break point. u can use offset to position the smaller box in this col in a way shown in the demo picture cuz the top box (the longer one) can be lined up easily with col-size-# for the tablet screen size or sm break point i think. also u may need to use push to create that lay over type of look. 
@@4, i took pictures of the prograss along the way and they r under public/images/demo i did miss the chance to take the final took before my pc died on me but i should add it on here after i fix it.
@@5, i forgot if i mentioned this bug but i fixed the dropdown arrow or carret bug u can see from the entrence page 
@@6, a demo on how to modify default btstrp style under public/images/demo one of those pictures
 
